HTCONDOR-1928-add-workflow-to-glossary (#1577)
htcondor/htcondor: docs/codes-other-values/glossary.rst

   Universe

>     A type of job, describing some of the services it may need on an EP.  The
>     default universe, with the minimal additional services needed on the EP is
>     called "vanilla".  Other universes include Container, Grid, and VM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A type of job, describing some of the services it may need on an EP.  The
    default universe, with the minimal additional services needed, is
    called "vanilla".  Other universes include Container, Grid, and VM.
```

   Workflow

    A set, possibly ordered, of activities necessary to complete a larger task.
    In high-throughput computing, each activity is a job.  For example,
    consider the task of searching a large genome for a specific pattern.  This
    might be implemented with 1,000 independent jobs, each searching a subset
    of the full genome. A different workflow might assemble a genome from

>     sequences.  Workflows may be composed; a third workflow compose the first
>     two by assembling the genome from sequences, then searching it for a
>     pattern.  The requirements for jobs (or workflows) to run before or after

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    sequences.  Workflows may be composed; a third workflow compose the first
    two, so that it assembles the genome from sequences, then searches it for a
    pattern.  The requirements for jobs (or workflows) to run before or after
```
